Welcome, I'll now be talking about one
of the most commonly used benchmarks,
and natural language processing.
Specifically, you will learn
about the glue benchmark.
This is used to train, evaluate,
and analyze NLP tasks.
Let's take a look at
this in some more detail.
>> So, the glue benchmark stands for
general language understanding evaluation.
And it is basically collection
that is used to train, evaluate,
analyze natural language
understanding systems.
It has a lot of data sets, and
each data set has several genres, and
they have different sizes and
different difficulties.
Some of them are for example,
used for coreference resolution.
Others are just used for
simple sentiment analysis.
Others are used for
question answering and so forth.
And it is used with a leaderboard.
So people can use the data sets, and
see how well their models
perform compared to others.
So the task is evaluated on could be, for
example, sentence, grammatical or not.
For example, if a sentence makes sense or
it does not,
it could be used on sentiments.
It could be used to paraphrase some texts.
It could be used on similarity
on question duplicates.
Weather question is answerable or
not, whether it's a contradiction,
whether it's entailment.
And also for the Winograd Schema, which
is basically trying to identify whether,
a pronoun refers to a certain noun or
to another noun.
So it's used to drive research.
As I said, that researchers usually
use the glue as a benchmark.
It is also model agnostic, so
it doesn't matter which model you use.
It just evaluates on glue and
see how well your model performs.
And finally, it allows you to
make use of transfer learning,
because you have access
to several datasets.
And you can learn certain
things from different datasets,
that will help you evaluate on
a completely new datasets within Google.
>> You now not only know how to
implement states of the arts models,
using this weeks content.
But you also know how to evaluate it.
In the next video,
I'll be talking about question answering.
And I'll show you how you
can use these models,
to build a sophisticated QA system.
I'll see you in the next video.